What system?
Jazz simp system
This system can help simp host counterattack
Simp life is no longer simp
Roll the calf
Simp simp
Every brother is scolding me
Lao Tzu is simp
I don't believe this simp has no future
You see
My girlfriend called me
Whose simp has this treatment?
Hello girl
What's the matter? Is the living expenses not enough?
I'll give it to you right away
I don't want your money. I'm downstairs.
Come down
I have something to tell you in person
Look.
Not only does it save me money
And offered to see me
Where can such a girlfriend go?
Hmph, I see who said that the host is hopeless
Mei'er
You should have told me if you came early.
I can reimburse you for the journey.
Chen Tianze
Let's break up. Break up, okay?
break up